I have created the  Azure health bot. This bot helps Alzheimer patients manage their daily routines like their medication, doctors appointment ,a reminder of their loved ones along with instant help and in case if they forget their route at any point, it guides them to their destination. The bot can be customized as per individual user priorities and requirements and can be used in smart phones, tablets to maintain daily interactions. I created a sample bot with some features for helping Alzheimer patients. So in all, the health bot manages to give individual care, attention and most importantly helps the user(Alzheimer patients) to retain their memory and help them in the long run. And using the Web Chat service in the Health bot Channels portal, I have created an online Web Chat website which will display the working of my bot . The working Project link has been provided for the same. For the Web chat , I have used Azure App service. The GitHub Profile contains a forked repository known as Microsoft Container Sample which helped me in creating the website. I have done my changes in the forked repository also. However two files named: Health bot code and Health bot code.JSON are files entirely written by me(original) . These two files contains my code of the health bot which is expressed in the website. 
 In the public folder -> index.js -> coding portion which says "trigerred scenario" - I have mentioned and called the scenario ID of my Health Bot which is FTR_ALZ. Upon mentioning the scenario ID I was able to call my designed health bot on the website and not the standard one provided by MIcrosoft Container Sample Code.
 
 For the creation of the Health bot , individually the user needs to create an Azure health bot service-> go to its mangement portal -> design a new health bot as per his/her problem statement and for the deployment go to the home page of the health bot -> integration -> secrets -> they need to copy the App_secret and Web_chat secret and paste it in the app service deployment creation time.
 They can paste the two secrets in this link https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fmicrosoft%2FHealthBotContainerSample%2Fmaster%2Fazuredeploy.json and link their github profile in the column of github ID.
 And after that they can create it and deploy it, leading to a new website which hosts our customised health bot.
 ** the health bot code is seperately present in health bot code.json file  and if we copy - paste the same in the health bot coding section, you can see a designer view of my work. Thank You**
